# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") is a legally binding agreement between you ("User") and SupposedlyCoding LLC ("Flyby") for the use of the Flyby Messaging App ("App"). By downloading, installing, or using the App, User agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Policy. If User does not agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy, User must not download, install, or use the App.

Flyby built the App as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Flyby at no cost and is intended for use as-is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the App.

If you choose to use the App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Policy. The Personal Information that is collected is used for providing and improving the Service. Flyby will not use or share User information with anyone except as described in this Policy.

The terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible within the App Store unless otherwise defined in this Policy.

# Information Collection and Use

The App does not collect personal information of any kind.

The App does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify the User.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

# Log Data

Flyby wants to inform the User that whenever you use the App, in a case of an error in the app Flyby collects data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing the App, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

# Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

The App does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the App may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

# Service Providers

Flyby may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate Services;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

Flyby wants to inform Users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

# Security

Flyby values your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and Flyby cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by Flyby or the App. Therefore, Flyby strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Flyby have no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

# Children’s Privacy

The App does not address anyone under the age of 13. Flyby does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case Flyby discovers that a child under 13 has provided the App with personal information, Flyby will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided the App with personal information, please contact support@supposedlycoding.com so that Flyby will be able to perform the necessary actions.

# Changes to This Privacy Policy

Flyby may update the Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-01-07

# Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about the Policy, do not hesitate to contact support@supposedlycoding.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
